Hey, you will transfer instantly, congratulations. Welcome to this club, now you are a superhero. But superhero
Very boring. They will only save people like this, you can do even more powerful things. Next
Just talk about how to manipulate the world.
First look at what will hinder you. If you are lucky, your mobility will be relative to the Earth.
The position moves because the earth moves around the sun at 30 kilometers per second,
At the same time, it is moving at a speed of ten times faster on the background of the cosmic microwave. This background is also the most reasonable.
Location reference coordinates.
If you are not moving relative to the earth, then you probably haven't learned to transfer instantly.
Because you are learning how to disappear in the vast universe.
<< I... I am here
That's it. Your second obstacle is: different positions on the earth's surface at different speeds
mobile. I know this seems counterintuitive, but it has always been like a disc, on the polar
The location did not move all day, but at the equator
It will move a lot more. That is, if you move to another block -
- Then you will be safe and sound. But what about going from New York to Washington? You will hit the wall at 20 miles per hour. From
Polar to the equator? You will reach the wall at 1000 mph and make it a blood red. I want to say, actually
To offset it, you don't need to consume a lot of energy, just 7000 joules, you have a cola.
But - still pay attention.
Also, don't go up and down when you go to Australia.
Steven Gould's Mobile World/Over the Airwalker series writes about the physical phenomenon of this transfer
And if someone can control the momentum, how to write well.
But comic heroes? They don't have to worry about this, they can move directly to
In space, even if it actually flashes outside the gravity well
The energy used in such a distant place has not been used so much for a whole week. And they
Just jump back, even if those waste heat should be enough
Cook them, they don't have to care about them.
They are anti-thermal kinetics, if you can do it, then
You can manipulate the world.
If you are an evil person, don't want to rob the bank or kidnap the president. Find something
Big and heavy things -
- flash to the highlands -
- Hold it at a speed of a few hundred miles, then let go.
Flash again.
[Explosive in the distance] They... They are fine.
You have just created an artificial asteroid impact. Or, use some extra large
Ultra-high-density things, basically like nuclear bomb explosions, just gone
Those radiation and dust.
Hey, you can threaten others to move to the asteroid belt, you can control the momentum, then
Drop the stone to the earth. This should be enough for you to earn billions.
Or are you a good person? Ah, I have a better idea.
Find something big, heavy and magnetic >>
- Just like this, but bigger. Go to the height and drop it to an oversized
In the middle of the coil, you can make free electricity. Otherwise it can be a little better if you can
Manufacturing portals in mid-air -
Just like this - you can do something better.
Take back your big, heavy, magnetic stuff and make an infinite loop...
That's it, wrapping it around with a coil, no limit to energy. This should be saved
The lives of millions of people.
Can be a little more powerful, jump to the orbit of the planet, let the cost of putting things in space
Become your time. Or go to Mars and bring some pioneers and equipment. You can
Colonization began in the solar system.
Or: You can do what other heroes do, in a city in a country on a planet
Fight crime. Superheroes really didn't think about it.
[gserli]